[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1987 horror film Hellraiser so
let's get started the movie opens with
Frank cotton trying to solve a puzzle
box known as the lament configuration
then immediately being torn apart by
chains turning the room into a hellish
and gruesome place black cloaked figures
then returned the room back to its
original state a Frank's brother Larry
eventually moves into the house with his
second wife Julia who had an affair with
Frank shortly after their wedding larry
cuts his hand during the move-in and
blood drips in the same room that Frank
was destroyed this resurrects Frank into
his skinless corpse and is found by
Julia Julia still obsessed with Frank
helps lure men to the house so Frank can
harvest their blood to fully restore him
Frank explains that he used the puzzle
box initially to seek carnal pleasures
but was met by extra dimensional beings
known as the Cenobites who subjected him
to the extremes of sadomasochism Larry's
daughter Christie sees Julia bringing a
man back to the house and witnesses her
Uncle Frank harvesting the man's blood
Frank attacks her but Christie escapes
with the puzzle box but collapses
shortly after at the hospital Christie
solves the puzzle box and has an
encounter with the Cenobites
and a monster called the engineer the
leader of the Cenobites pinhead explains
that they are explorers who can no
longer differentiate between pain and
pleasure Christie pleads with them
saying that Frank escaped and she wants
to trade Frank for her freedom Christie
returns home where Frank has now killed
his brother Larry and is wearing his
skin
Frank reveals what he has done and wants
to kill Christie to complete his
transformation the Cenobites hear his
confession and ensnare him in Chains and
tear him to pieces
the Cenobites then turn on Christie who
flees and grabs the puzzle box from
Julia's dead hands and banishes the
Cenobites by reversing the puzzle box
Christie's boyfriend arrives and the two
escaped the collapsing house Christie
throws the box into a pirate a homeless
man walks into the fire to retrieve it
is set ablaze and then transforms into a
winget skeleton and flies away as the
film ends the box ends up in the hands
of the merchant who originally sold it
to Frank offering it to another
perspective customer so that was the
spoilers for Hellraiser if you have
another film you'd like to see us spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching